I arrived at epsilon T State Hospital
summer of 1959 I left teaching to begin
an ambitious study of delusional
patients but really like to help you
Joseph he's addressed me as my proper
name Jesus Christ the righteous one and
I have three patients who believe
they're Jesus Christ there can be but
only one side that that's my point
dress me by my righteous name God to you
put the three of them in a room study
their behavior where they will have
clothes
the reason I'm having these meetings
that can only be one Jesus only one God
one God to rewrite X I'm taking off all
of your negativity and all of your
squelches all of your squelching we do
not have forth follow that God's in
Great Britain they're our Father send a
boy to do a man's job
knock it off knock
Allen please be careful is it possible
to really understand someone else's
delusion there are limits
you can't exceed
[Music]
it's brave and important what you're
doing you decide if the gains outweigh
the obvious risks
gentlemen I want one of you to lead each
of the meetings I think we should have a
vote I nominate Joseph Daul family
[Music]
unanimous why do you want to work with
paranoid schizophrenics
because they're so lonely
by the grace of Jesus Christ you're safe
companionship joy hope will I be able to
offer this man a means to find
themselves
[Music]